Using `{{ super() }}` for extending a block (#4309)
squidfunk/mkdocs-material: docs/customization.md

{% endblock %}
```

> If you intend to add some code to a block rather than to replace it altogether with new content, use `{{ super() }}` before the `{% block %}` statement to include the original block content. This is particularly useful when adding some third-party widgets to your docs, e.g., for chatting with support or submitting a ticket.

Author: ```suggestion
If you intend to add some code to a block rather than to replace it altogether with new content, use `{{ super() }}` right after the `{% block %}` statement to include the original block content. This is particularly useful when adding some third-party widgets to your docs, e.g., for chatting with support or submitting a ticket. For example, if your widget script is hosted on `widgets.example.com`, add the following lines to `main.html`:

```html
{% extends "base.html" %}

{% block scripts %}

{{ super() }}

<script id="snippet" src="https://widgets.example.com/snippet.js> </script>

{% endblock %}
```

```
